=== Source: dialogue5_10.txt ===
Actor: english_2
Content Type: dialogue

=== Dialogue ===

Character 1: Did you hear they're opening that arcade bar downtown?

Character 2: Oh wow, yeah! I saw the signs going up last week actually. They're supposed to have like, um, forty vintage games plus all the new VR stuff which is, honestly, pretty incredible for this area.

Character 1: Forty games? That's insane!

Character 2: Right? And apparently they're doing this thing where, uh, Wednesday nights are unlimited play for twenty bucks. Like you just pay once and can play whatever all night, which seems almost too good to be true.

Character 1: We have to go opening weekend!

Character 2: Absolutely! I'm thinking Saturday would be perfect because, err, they're doing some kind of tournament thing with prizes. Plus the first hundred people get these commemorative tokens that actually work in the machines.

Character 1: What kind of prizes?

Character 2: So from what I read, they've got gaming chairs, retro consoles, and—get this—the grand prize is apparently a restored original Pac-Man cabinet. Like, um, an actual vintage one from the eighties.

Character 1: No way! I'd kill for that!

Character 2: [crying while speaking] I know, I know! My dad had one when I was little and we had to sell it when we moved. God, I'd give anything to have one again, you know?

Character 1: We should practice beforehand!

Character 2: Ooh, smart thinking! My cousin has a bunch of the same games on his emulator setup. We could, uh, totally go over there this week and get our skills back up to speed.

Character 1: Which games are you best at?

Character 2: [yawn] Oh man, probably Street Fighter and Galaga? Though honestly it's been so long I might be terrible at everything now. What about you—what's your specialty?

Character 1: [sneeze] Excuse me! Um, definitely pinball!

Character 2: Pinball! Yes! They're supposed to have twelve machines including, err, Medieval Madness and Attack from Mars which are like, basically the holy grail of pinball tables.

Character 1: [over confidently] I'll destroy everyone at pinball tournaments!

Character 2: Haha, I love the confidence! Though, um, just so you know, there's this guy Tommy who shows up to every arcade opening in the city and he's basically unbeatable at pinball. But hey, maybe you'll be the one to finally take him down!

Character 1: Tommy doesn't stand a chance!

Character 2: [hesitantly] Well, I mean... I guess we'll see? He's been playing competitively for like twenty years but, um, stranger things have happened, right? Either way it'll be fun to watch you two go head to head!

