=== Source: dialogue2_5.txt ===
Actor: english_5
Content Type: dialogue

=== Dialogue ===

Character 1: So I ruined my sister's wedding dress today. Whatever.

Character 2: [mumbling] Wait, you ruined her wedding dress and you're saying whatever? That's a pretty big deal, especially if it's the vintage one she's been preserving for years.

Character 1: She shouldn't have left it out if she didn't want anything to happen to it.

Character 2: [sad] That's not really fair though, is it? She probably trusted that it would be safe in her own home, and now she's going to be devastated when she finds out.

Character 1: [loudly] It's just a dress! She can buy another one!

Character 2: It's not just about buying another one though. Vintage wedding dresses carry history and sentiment that you can't just replace with money. Some of them are literally irreplaceable family heirlooms.

Character 1: Well, she's always been too sentimental about stupid things anyway.

Character 2: Being sentimental about your wedding dress isn't stupid. For a lot of people, it represents one of the most important days of their life. You must understand that on some level.

Character 1: I don't see why I should have to deal with her drama about it.

Character 2: You're going to have to tell her eventually though. The longer you wait, the worse it's going to be when she finds out, and hiding it just makes you look guilty.

Character 1: Maybe I just won't tell her. She might not even notice.

Character 2: She's definitely going to notice a hole in her wedding dress. That's not something you can hide, especially if she's planning to wear it or pass it down someday.

Character 1: Fine, but I'm not apologizing for her carelessness.

Character 2: Her carelessness? You're the one who damaged it. Taking responsibility for your actions isn't weakness, it's just basic decency and maturity.

Character 1: [jealous] She always gets special treatment anyway. Poor princess and her precious dress.

Character 2: This sounds like it's about more than just the dress. Maybe there's some underlying family tension here that you should address instead of taking it out on her belongings.

Character 1: You're taking her side, just like everyone else always does.

Character 2: I'm not taking sides here. I'm just pointing out that destroying someone's property and then refusing to take responsibility isn't going to solve whatever issues you have with your sister.

Character 1: I don't need a lecture. This conversation is pointless.

Character 2: [trailing off] Look, at the end of the day, you're going to have to live with the consequences of how you handle this, whether that means repairing the relationship or...

