=== Source: dialogue6_17.txt ===
Actor: english_6
Content Type: dialogue

=== Dialogue ===

Character 1: Hey, uh, are you the healer that just joined? Level 47?

Character 2: Yeah that's me. Been playing healer for about three years now, same rotation, same dungeons, same complaints from tanks who don't use cooldowns.

Character 1: [cough] Wait, you were DarkBladeMaster? The guy who soloed the Crimson Tower?

Character 2: That was me. Back when I actually cared about leaderboards and optimal rotations and all that. These days I just queue up, keep everyone alive, collect my tokens.

Character 1: So you think healing is just... easier queue times?

Character 2: It's instant queues and less effort honestly. Stand in the back, press three buttons in sequence, occasionally move out of the fire. I could do it in my sleep at this point.

Character 1: Fair point. What server did you transfer from?

Character 2: Shadowmere East. Dead server, dead economy, dead guilds. Everyone left after the drama, I just stuck around longer than I should have because moving seemed like too much work.

Character 1: Oh man, THAT server. You survived the exodus?

Character 2: [cough] Survived is generous. More like I logged in one day and realized I was basically playing a single-player game. Even the gold farmers had given up on us.

Character 1: Quick question before we start—you know the mechanics for Thornwood Sanctuary right?

Character 2: [deep pitch] Stand here, move there, dispel the thing, don't stand in the bad. I've run it probably two hundred times. Could heal it with my eyes closed honestly.

Character 1: Good enough. You have voice chat?

Character 2: Got a headset but I don't really talk much. I'll listen to callouts but don't expect much commentary from me. Not really the cheerleader type.

Character 1: At least you upgraded. Half our guild still complains about frame drops.

Character 2: [upset] Yeah well, when you've been playing the same game for six years you either upgrade or quit. I chose the path of least resistance.

Character 1: Speaking of which, what's your healing addon setup?

Character 2: Default UI with mouseover macros. Don't need anything fancy when every fight is the same tank-and-spank with different colored particle effects.

Character 1: VuhdoFrames? Yeah, that takes forever to set up properly.

Character 2: Never bothered with it. Click on player frame, press heal button, repeat until boss dies or everyone wipes. Same result either way, we run it again next week.

